all right here we are performance of
limiting weekend like to show you one of
our pieces of art this happens to be 830
tooth work 30 horsepower not about power
for this water is about looks and it
came out gorgeous at the beautiful mark
serpentine chillin here with power
steering sky HC
does that power steering and now I'm
sorry it's just a see at all today I'm
so sorry MSD distributor holley
carburetor blocks been painted orange
excuse me I'm sorry for red red wires
we'd like to fire this up over here we
go over everything we dial in the
carburetor we have to do jet change we
do jet changes we put air flow ratio of
meters on here and make sure if motors
dialed in then fired up your little run
demonstration show you show you the
meters and
passenger side
driver side I'll prematurity RPF
ok now
yeah you can see a meters front right
through not too rich stop your lean
dialed in perfect again over here we
care about each and every engine I build
each one Lecter my own does anything we
can help you with a performance
unlimited please call one eight hundred
267 39 40 everything we do is custom
built in apps quality is your thank you
very much for logging on and hopefully
you help you build something once again
I'll fire
we are number one